AUTHORIZATION TO USE AND DISTRIBUTE

I hereby agree to the following terms governing the use and redistribution
of the SIMDIS software originally developed at the Naval Research
Laboratory, Tactical Electronic Warfare Department.

The modules of SIMDIS containing an attribution in their header files to
the Naval Research Laboratory have been authored by federal and non-federal
employees. To the extent that a federal employee is an author of a portion
of this software or a derivative work thereof, no copyright is claimed by
the United States Government, as represented by the Secretary of the Navy
("GOVERNMENT") under Title 17, U.S. Code. All Other Rights Reserved. To the
extent that a non-federal employee is an author of a portion of this
software or a derivative work thereof, the work was funded in whole or in
part by the U.S. Government, and is, therefore, subject to the following
license: The Government is granted for itself and others acting on its
behalf a paid-up, nonexclusive, irrevocable worldwide license in this work
to reproduce, prepare derivative works, distribute copies to the public,
and perform publicly and display publicly, by or on behalf of the
Government. All other rights are reserved by the copyright owner.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met (1) source code distributions retain the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions, and the following disclaimer in its entirety,
(2) distributions including binary code include this paragraph in its
entirety in the documentation or other materials provided with the
distribution, and (3) all published research using this software display
the following acknowledgment: "This work uses the software components
contained within the NRL SIMDIS computer package written and developed
by the Naval Research Laboratory, Tactical Electronic Warfare Div."

Neither the name of NRL or its contributors, nor any entity of the United
States Government may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
this software, nor does the inclusion of the NRL written and developed
software directly or indirectly suggest NRL's or the United States
Government's endorsement of this product.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.


Notice of Third Party Software Licenses

This software contains open source software packages from third parties.
These are available on an "as is" basis and subject to their individual
license agreements.
